Cinderella Story For Kids
January 7, 2021 by Som Karmakar
Cinderella Story For Kids. Long ago there used to
be a girl named Cinderella in a city. Cinderella
was very beautiful and she loved others and treated
everyone well. Cinderella also loved
animals and birds and gave them a variety of things
to eat. She was a girl who had all the good
qualities. We should become like her and good children
always love everyone.
Full Story of Cinderella For Kids in English
Cinderella did not have a mother. Her mother had died
when she was young. But, Cinderella’s
father was very good. He never let Cinderella miss
her mother. Her father loves Cinderella very
much and takes good care of her. Cinderella’s father
also married another woman. Because of
this, Cinderella also had a stepmother and also had
two stepsisters.
Stepmother and Stepsisters
Cinderella’s life was going very well. But everything
changed when her stepmother and her two
stepsisters came to live with her. Her stepmother
and her two stepsisters were very envious and
jealous of Cinderella. One day when Cinderella was
sitting with the birds, her stepmother came
and said, “From today you will live in that storeroom
and you will do all the works.”
By -
storiesforkidsbedtime.com
Cinderella did the same and she moved to the storeroom. Now she would do all the household
work. Cinderella quickly woke up in the morning and
started doing her work. She would spend
the whole day doing work. Her sister used to harass
her while she worked.
One day an announcement was made in the city that
a ball celebration(Dance Party) would be
held at the palace in which the prince would see a
princess for himself. Story of Cinderella
Ball Celebration
All the girls in the city were very happy to hear
that news and everyone thought that she would
definitely participate in this ball celebration. Everyone
started making their own preparations, the
girls went and started choosing beautiful clothes,
shoes, and other embellishments for
themselves and wearing them. It seemed that the festival
was coming. The same Cinderella
sisters also told their mother that news. Her mother
heard the news and told, “One of the two of
you will become a princess. Because both of you are
the most beautiful.”
Cinderella’s sisters gave the tailor to make beautiful
gowns for themselves and the tailor stitched
their gown very well. When their gown came readily
from the tailor. They started getting ready
for the program. Both the sisters called Cinderella
to ready them. One of her stepsisters said to
Cinderella, “Come and prepare us for today’s party.
Anyway, you keep stealing your work. So
let’s do a little bit of work.” Saying this, both
were taunting Cinderella.
Cinderella groomed both of her sisters, and then she
mustered up the courage to ask her
stepmother, “Can I go to the event too?”
After this, her stepmother made fun of her and said,
“The prince needs a princess, not a maid.
Go away and do housework.”
Fairy’s Magic
Hearing this, Cinderella became very sad and started
crying. She was crying too much. Her
heart was filled with sadness and sorrow. She started
crying, “I wish my mother was alive. If she
were, I could go there happily today.”
Then suddenly an angel came in front of her. Cinderella
was scared to see the angel. The angel
told her,” Cinderella does not get so disappointed.
I will help you so that you can go to today’s
ball party.” Cinderella was a little nervous at first
seeing that angel, but later she was happy to
listen to her.
By -
storiesforkidsbedtime.comCinderella said, “Thank you, but I have neither a
beautiful dress nor any pair of shoes to go to
the program. Where will I bring all this instantly?”
“Don’t you worry,” the angel said to her, “go and
get a pumpkin and bring your 7 rat friends with
you too.”
Cinderella did as the angel told her. She immediately
went upstairs and brought a pumpkin from
the kitchen and brought seven of her rat friends with
her. Story of Cinderella.
Cinderella’s Preparations
After Cinderella arrived, the angel turned the pumpkin
into an amazing chariot and 6 of those
rats into horses. The angel turned one as the charioteer.
After doing so the angel cast her spell
on Cinderella. Cinderella stood in front of her wearing
a beautiful dress from the fairy’s magic.
She had very beautiful glass shoes on his feet. Her
dress and shoes looked very precious.
Cinderella looked like a princess and a decent family
girl. Cinderella was very happy to see all
this happening. She was fully prepared to participate
in the program. Cinderella said, “Thank
you so much. I look like a princess. It looks like
my mother has decorated me today.”
The angel said to Cinderella, “You look very beautiful.
But, make sure that you reach home
before 12:00 at the night. Because after 12:00am my
magic will completely over”
“Yes. As you said, I will return to my home before
12:00.” Cinderella said.
Cinderella in The Party
After this Cinderella immediately sat on the chariot
and immediately moved towards the palace.
Cinderella entered the castle. As soon as she reached
inside, everyone’s eyes were on her.
Cinderella looked like a princess in appearance. There
was also Cinderella’s stepmother and
her stepsister at that event. As soon as they saw
Cinderella, they was shocked to see her. All
three were wondering how did Cinderella come here
and where did such a beautiful dress come
from?
Then after some time, Prince came to that party. When
prince was going down on stairs he
looked at Cinderella. On seeing Cinderella, the prince
immediately started going towards her.
Upon reaching Cinderella, the prince said, “Would
you like to dance with me?” She was very
happy to hear this and immediately said, “Yes, I will.”
By -
storiesforkidsbedtime.comBoth Prince and Cinderella started dancing in front of them and everyone present at that event
was watching them. They both looked very good together. Both were talking to each other while
dancing.
Time was slowly coming out. Cinderella had no idea
that it was midnight and it was about 12:00
in the night. In such a situation, Cinderella stared
at the clock and saw that it was going to be
12:00. She remembered what the angel said. At 12:00
the effect of the fairy magic will end.
Cinderella told the prince, “Now I have to go.” Having
said this, she started running from the
palace and while running, one of her foot sandal left
on the stairs. Story of Cinderella.
Discover Cinderella
Prince chased after seeing Cinderella go out so soon.
The prince ran after her but he could not
see her and Cinderella left. But when the prince looked
down, there was a sandel on the stairs.
Which was of Cinderella.
The prince picked up that sandel and told his men,
“With the help of this sandel find the girl who
was dancing here with me. If need be, go to every
house in the city and find that girl.”
The prince’s men started searching for that girl.
They went to every house in the city and were
trying to find out who the girl was. Men go to everyone’s
house and wear that Sandal in the feet
of the girls present in the house to see if the sandal
fits in their feet.
They searched almost the entire house of the city.
Now it was the turn of Cinderella’s house.
The prince’s men arrived at Cinderella’s house. Cinderella
saw from the window that the
prince’s people were standing in front of her house
and she was overjoyed to see this.
She immediately started leaving her room in happiness.
Suddenly her stepmother came to the
door and stood up. Her stepmother said to her, “You
don’t need to come down here. You stay
inside, this is the right place for you.” Having said
this she locked the door of Cinderella’s room
and locked the door from outside. Story of Cinderella.
In Cinderella’s House
The prince’s men entered Cinderella’s house. At first,
they put the sandal on the leg of
Cinderella’s sister that was too thin. When she wore
that sandal, it was too big for her. Then
they tried to put the sandal on the other sister’s
leg. She was fat and her foot was not fit for
sandal.
In such a situation, they started leaving Cinderella’s
house. As they was going out, Cinderella
came in the window and started trying to tell them
with a gesture. But they don’t look to her.
Cinderella started crying. Then a friend of his, who
was a mouse, immediately ran out of the
By -
storiesforkidsbedtime.comroom from below the door and took out the key of the room from the clothes of Cinderella’s
stepmother. The rat opened the door of Cinderella’s
room.
Seeing the door open, Cinderella was overjoyed and
ran to the prince’s men. She reached to
them and said, “You haven’t worn me that sandel yet.”
After saying this, the prince’s men immediately came
to her and they gave her the sandel. The
sandel fit perfectly into Cinderella’s feet, and this
showed them that the girl was Cinderella who
was dancing that night with Prince. They took Cinderella
with them to the palace.
Looking at Cinderella’s eyes, the prince immediately
recognized that she was the girl who
danced with him in celebration that day. He immediately
asked Cinderella, “Will you marry me?”
In response Cinderella said yes.
By -
storiesforkidsbedtime.com